README.md, before:

# BelongsTo field with dependency support for Nova

This package is an extension of Laravel Nova's existing BelongsTo field and Vue components.

## Installation

You can install this package on a Laravel app that uses [Nova](https://nova.laravel.com) via composer:

```bash
composer require manmohanjit/nova-belongs-to-dependency
```

## Usage

The following will list categories with `type_id` equal to the value set in the first BelongsTo field.

```php
use Manmohanjit\BelongsToDependency\BelongsToDependency;
...
return [
    ...
    BelongsTo::make('Type'),
    
    BelongsToDependency::make('User')
        ->dependsOn('type', 'type_id'),
    ...
];
```

Look at the [example](#example) below for other use cases.

## Example

Database Structure

- Type (id, name)
- Posts (id, type_id, category_id, title, body)
- Category (id, type_id, title)

We should only be able to assign categories to posts that belong to the same type.

This is how you would achieve it on the Nova category resource:

```php
use Manmohanjit\BelongsToDependency\BelongsToDependency;
...
return [
    ...
    BelongsTo::make('Type'),
    
    BelongsToDependency::make('User')
        ->dependsOn('type', 'type_id'),
    ...
];
```

This would work if you used a text/enum `type` field too.

```php
use Manmohanjit\BelongsToDependency\BelongsToDependency;
...
return [
    ...
    Select::make('Type')->options([
        'post' => 'Post',
        'page' => 'Page',
    ])>displayUsingLabels(),
    
    BelongsToDependency::make('User')
        ->dependsOn('type', 'type'),
    ...
];
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Credits

- [nova-belongsto-depend](https://github.com/orlyapps/nova-belongsto-depend) (alternative)
- [nova-dependency-container](https://github.com/epartment/nova-dependency-container)

This tool extends the base Laravel Nova BelongsTo field and is inspired by Nova Dependency Container. 

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see License File for more information.

Commit message:

Prepare for import Change namespace to Webparking Add laravel/nova as a dependency Removed field.css as it was empty

README.md, after:

# BelongsTo field with dependency support for Nova

This package is an extension of Laravel Nova's existing BelongsTo field and Vue components.

Originally created by manmohanjit, the original package was abandoned.

## Installation

You can install this package on a Laravel app that uses [Nova](https://nova.laravel.com) via composer:

```bash
composer require webparking/nova-belongs-to-dependency
```

## Usage

The following will list categories with `type_id` equal to the value set in the first BelongsTo field.

```php
use Webparking\BelongsToDependency\BelongsToDependency;
...
return [
    ...
    BelongsTo::make('Type'),
    
    BelongsToDependency::make('User')
        ->dependsOn('type', 'type_id'),
    ...
];
```

Look at the [example](#example) below for other use cases.

## Example

Database Structure

- Type (id, name)
- Posts (id, type_id, category_id, title, body)
- Category (id, type_id, title)

We should only be able to assign categories to posts that belong to the same type.

This is how you would achieve it on the Nova category resource:

```php
use Webparking\BelongsToDependency\BelongsToDependency;
...
return [
    ...
    BelongsTo::make('Type'),
    
    BelongsToDependency::make('User')
        ->dependsOn('type', 'type_id'),
    ...
];
```

This would work if you used a text/enum `type` field too.

```php
use Webparking\BelongsToDependency\BelongsToDependency;
...
return [
    ...
    Select::make('Type')->options([
        'post' => 'Post',
        'page' => 'Page',
    ])>displayUsingLabels(),
    
    BelongsToDependency::make('User')
        ->dependsOn('type', 'type'),
    ...
];
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Credits

- [nova-belongsto-depend](https://github.com/orlyapps/nova-belongsto-depend) (alternative)
- [nova-dependency-container](https://github.com/epartment/nova-dependency-container)

This tool extends the base Laravel Nova BelongsTo field and is inspired by Nova Dependency Container. 

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see License File for more information.
